c:\Users\mridulgarg\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\GlitterDll.dll.config
c:\Users\mridulgarg\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\GlitterDll.dll
c:\Users\mridulgarg\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\GlitterDll.pdb
c:\Users\mridulgarg\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\DTOs.dll
c:\Users\mridulgarg\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\mridulgarg\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\mridulgarg\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\DTOs.pdb
c:\Users\mridulgarg\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\mridulgarg\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\mridulgarg\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\obj\Debug\GlitterDll.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\mridulgarg\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\obj\Debug\GlitterDll.dll
c:\Users\mridulgarg\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\obj\Debug\GlitterDll.pdb
C:\Users\mridulgarg\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\mridulgarg\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\mridulgarg\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\mridulgarg\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\mridulgarg\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\mridulgarg\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\mridulgarg\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\mridulgarg\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\mridulgarg\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\mridulgarg\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\mridulgarg\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Glitter\GlitterDll\bin\Debug\WebActivator.pdb
